Wikipedia Question Generator
This project retrieves content from Wikipedia and generates questions based on that content using a pre-trained T5 model. The user provides a Wikipedia page name, the content is fetched, and potential answers are extracted. Questions are then generated around these answers, with ranking functionality provided as a placeholder.

Features
Fetch Wikipedia Content: Retrieve content from any Wikipedia page by specifying the page name.
Extract Answers: Named Entity Recognition (NER) is used to extract potential answers from the Wikipedia content.
Generate Questions: Generate questions based on the provided or extracted answers using a pre-trained T5 model.
Highlight Answers: Automatically highlight the provided or extracted answers in the Wikipedia content.
Rank Questions: The generated questions are randomly ranked for now (this can be improved by implementing more advanced ranking algorithms).
Project Structure
bash
Copy code
my_project_name/
│
├── retrieval.py            # Handles Wikipedia content retrieval and answer extraction
├── generator.py            # Responsible for generating questions using the pre-trained T5 model
├── app1.py                 # The main Streamlit app that ties everything together
├── requirements.txt        # List of required libraries
└── README.md               # Project documentation
Setup and Installation
1. Clone the repository
bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repository.git
cd your-repository
2. Install Dependencies
Make sure you have Python 3.8+ installed on your machine. Then, run the following command to install the required Python packages:

bash
Copy code
pip install -r requirements.txt
3. Download Spacy Model
To use Spacy’s Named Entity Recognition (NER) feature, download the required language model:

bash
Copy code
python -m spacy download en_core_web_sm
4. Run the Application
Start the Streamlit application by running:

bash
Copy code
streamlit run main.py
This will open up a Streamlit web interface in your default web browser.

Usage
Enter Wikipedia Page Name: Provide the name of the Wikipedia page from which you want to fetch content.
Select Paragraphs to Retrieve: Choose the number of paragraphs to retrieve from the page.
Provide Answer or Use Extracted Answers: You can either provide an answer directly from the content or let the app extract potential answers for you using NER.
Generate Questions: Specify how many questions to generate, and click the "Generate Questions" button.
View Generated Questions: The app will generate and display ranked questions based on the content.
Requirements
Python 3.8+
Streamlit
Torch
Transformers
Spacy
Wikipedia-API
SentenceTransformers
Future Improvements
Better Ranking: Implement more sophisticated methods for ranking generated questions.
Fine-Tuning Models: Fine-tune the T5 model for specific domains or improve the accuracy of question generation.
Custom Answer Highlighting: Enhance answer detection using more advanced NLP techniques.
Contributing
If you'd like to contribute, feel free to fork the repository and submit a pull request. All contributions are welcome!